hello my friends okay with you today
I'm here and my daughter is she's going to me
help make this look either like
use the digital guitar tuner only
to publicize my daughter I also have
a channel on youtube
If you who are father and mother have your children
the girl mainly likes
make up
here below is the link for you
Accessing her channel is a lot of fun.
things are much better drawings and today I give
to shoot very real
let's go to what matters how to use the
digital tuner for legal guitar or
So here's the tuner already
is positioned in the hand of the guitar
ok it's already in the guitar's hand
well, I can see that he can see
that is ascending is stirring
some a laser pointer is a pointer
digital and was being her husband's body
This is the clip he's got.
feeling it will feel the vibration of the
The rope that the person touches is
daughter the book will be playing the note
every rope and I'll be guiding
here for guitar tuning
so come on the book touch us
Please go, wake up, play again.
this rope
note here plays you can play again
the pointer
He is on your left and has just
ascender 11 a red light the light
yellow senfft is out of tune is
Missing, we 'll go there, then.
again it will tighten until you see the
green light appears fixed cell 'is
tuned your guitar will go now to
fifth string iam libya is playing the
fifth the rope goes
let's look at digital tuner linen
Notice that it's yellow.
the five scientific fifth aaa scene and
The code is there from there, and the
means that it is set to
guitar or guitar well the natasha ball
fifth rope and squeeze in rate to the top
again until the green color appears as
happened now
perfect now play the fourth string
Touch us, wake up, wake up, wake up
wake up
let's look here again tuner
door rope roll in the strand string rate
and tightening
again
For example, let's give an example
that if I push too hard, it will ring again
Well, there it is red means that
Then you'll have to go back to
rate and loosen the rope until I am
stay right here canopy is in green
so little silano will set in the green
let's play the third string now
third woke up then let's look at the
tuner in the same way personal notes
that in the corner is written 440 this is the
tuning for the note there is the
vibration at the world frequency used
to tune the note there that is 440 harry
potter the car or here at the rate of
the third string and tightening until it
green the digital subscriber with now
stayed 1 afi on second second rope
This rope gives a second string smile to
one free of a second to the rope
ok funny is already green
but looks are still rocking a little bit
I'm going to have a little trouble here in
The second thing is there, I feel
little personal is not going again
there was the last rope first
thinnest string will play there and so we will
over there
or we'll squeeze until the
color turn green
ae
not yet arrived no more arrived
The time has come if you enjoyed the
video I will let olivia speak spoken spoke
It is not there and my father until the next
Thank you very much for everything!
the law of ama the digital